Q 1------Manual Testing:-

1. Time consuming and tedious: Since test cases are executed by human resources so it is very slow and tedious. 
2. Huge investment in human resources: As test cases need to be executed manually so more testers are required in manual testing. 	
3. Less reliable: Manual testing is less reliable as tests may not be performed with precision each time because of human errors. 	
4. Non-programmable: No programming can be done to write sophisticated tests which fetch hidden information. 	


---------Automation Testing:-

1. Fast Automation runs test cases significantly faster than human resources.
2. Less investment in human resources:Test cases are executed by using automation tool so less tester are required in automation testing.
3. More reliable: Automation tests perform precisely same operation each time they are run.
4. Programmable: Testers can program sophisticated tests to bring out hidden information.


Q 2------2. What is Automation?

Automation is a program to writing the set of instruction for a software to perform any task.


Q 3---------. Why to Automate a Project?
  
  Test case to be automate using to increase the automation in project.

Q 4------. What are the advantages of Automation?

  Its provide a better efficency in automate testing.
  Its Gives a benifit to regression testing.

Q 5 ------Name few test Automation Tools
  Selinium.
  Mercury tools.
  IBM.
  Borland.

 Q 6------What are the benefits of Automation?
       Regression Testing.
       Auto Optimize. 

Q 7------What is the need of Automation?
    Its Provide the better framework to Automation testing
    Improve Efficency acroos the different platform.


Q 8-------. What is Framework?
     Framework is a platform to set the tools provide by which we will test the test environment,


Q 9. --------What are the types of frameworks?

    Data Driven Automation Framework
    keyword driven Framework
    Modular/POM
    Hybrid Framework

Q 10-------. What is Keyword driven and Code Driven automation testing?

   Keyword Driven Automation testing is a Keyword-driven testing is a type of functional automation testing framework which is also known as table-driven testing


   Code Driven automation testing is also known as test driven development's first step is to add a test, which is enough for code to fail.

















